nrf cloud: add runtime shadow config for modem project key (#29863)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/cellular/nrf_cloud_coap_fota/README.rst

To create a FOTA test version of this sample, change the ``PATCHLEVEL`` in the :file:`VERSION` file.

> To enable delta modem FOTA, add ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=delta_modem_fota.conf`` to your build command and configure the modem firmware project key either:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable delta modem FOTA, add ``-DEXTRA_CONF_FILE=delta_modem_fota.conf`` to your build command and configure the modem firmware project key in one of the following ways:
```
